README.md, before:

# OAuth JWT Key Implementation

This repository enlists the JWT impelementation for the access and refresh token of OAuth.

## Description

1. Add the required dependencies for the project.
2. Configure the `application.properties` to hold the `publickey` asymmetric public key used for signing tokens.
3. Create the endpoint for testing.
4. Create the configuration class named `ResourceServerConfig` and extend it with `ResourceServerConfigurerAdapter`.
5. Use annotation `@EnableResourceServer` to mark the configuration as the auth resource server.
6. Create the bean  for JWT Token configurer with asymmetric public key.
7. Create the bean for the token store with JWT Token store.
8. Configure the resource to use the token store.


## Usages

```curl
curl -H "Authorization:bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE2OTUxNDY4OTgsInVzZXJfbmFtZSI6ImVrbGFrIiwiYXV0aG9yaXRpZXMiOlsicmVhZCJdLCJqdGkiOiI2OTk0ODE5My1jY2QzLTRiMjQtODExYi1kMzUwYjk0NDdkYWYiLCJjbGllbnRfaWQiOiJjbGllbnQiLCJzY29wZSI6WyJyZWFkIl19.Th1x7UeY72n3bKkzM8-M5iOG3eP9QidnDbik3Lprjjw" "http://localhost:9090/hello
```

Response
```text
Hello World!!
```

## References

[OAuth-Auth-Server](https://github.com/azens1995/spring-oauth-server/tree/auth-server-jwt-asym-key)

Commit message:

feat: configure OAuth Resource server to use public key from auth server

README.md, after:

# OAuth JWT Key Implementation

This repository enlists the JWT impelementation for the access and refresh token of OAuth.

## Description

1. Add the required dependencies for the project.
2. Configure the `application.properties` to hold public key exchange urls from oauth server.
3. Create the endpoint for testing.
4. Create the configuration class named `ResourceServerConfig` and extend it with `ResourceServerConfigurerAdapter`.
5. Use annotation `@EnableResourceServer` to mark the configuration as the auth resource server.

Note: Since OAuth server is used for receiving the public key, no any configuration is required in the `ResourceServerConfig`. All the exising code can be deleted.


## Usages

```curl
curl -H "Authorization:bearer eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJleHAiOjE2OTUxNDY4OTgsInVzZXJfbmFtZSI6ImVrbGFrIiwiYXV0aG9yaXRpZXMiOlsicmVhZCJdLCJqdGkiOiI2OTk0ODE5My1jY2QzLTRiMjQtODExYi1kMzUwYjk0NDdkYWYiLCJjbGllbnRfaWQiOiJjbGllbnQiLCJzY29wZSI6WyJyZWFkIl19.Th1x7UeY72n3bKkzM8-M5iOG3eP9QidnDbik3Lprjjw" "http://localhost:9090/hello
```

Response
```text
Hello World!!
```

## References

[OAuth-Auth-Server](https://github.com/azens1995/spring-oauth-server/tree/auth-server-jwt-asym-key)
